Create README.md (#4)
andrewda/chattie: README.md

> Chattie is a A module to help find chat servers from URLs.

Reviewer: Add a title

```suggestion
# Chattie

Chattie is a module to help find chat servers from URLs.
```

> It fliters diffrent types of chat server and construct the patterns into url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It filters different types of chat server and construct the patterns into a URL.
```
